So in this lecture I want to take the opportunity to talk about the ads manager because this is an interface
that you're going to get very very familiar with.
Trust me now like a lot of things it's highly complex is an enormous amount of information in here.
But actually you don't need much of it at all.
In fact what I'm going to show you in this lecture are the key things that you need to concentrate on.
So you can run your business as efficiently as possible.
Now what we have across the top here are four tabs you can view campaigns and sets an X for one set
and basically we go left to right.
We are going into more and more detail.
So if I click on campaigns we have the campaign we set up and if I were to click on this link here is
exactly the same as going to the ad sets.
So if I click on this you'll see I go to the ad says and now this one is highlighted and if I click
on that set I go to the AD when they had said Naoki tab.
Here are the ad sets.
This is where you're going to be spending most of your time to make the right decisions.
I'm not saying all the information is here but certainly the key information is so I'm going to take
you through this particular tapped and a bit more detail.
Now this first column is the delivery.
So basically they're both active at the moment.
You can basically pause these will stop them entirely at any time.
Now this next column results I'm going to come back to in a minute because that is the most important
one.
After that we have a reach which is base enough that the people that have seen my ad and then we've
got a number of impressions which is the number of times Facebook has actually shown it.
Then we got a cost per result so that gives you an idea for example of how many times Facebook has had
to show the ad before somebody makes a purchase after that we got things like our budget the amount
spent when it's going to end our share.
And if we just go slightly to the right here we find something else of minor interest that people get
slightly obsessed with that is the link clicks the number of times that people have actually clicked
on your link.
Now just before I go back to that Maimon the results column I do want to just show you this.
OK so the columns can in fact be changed so you have all kinds of preset reporting going on here.
And you can in fact customize them.
Now I really don't recommend particularly in the beginning you get heavily involved in this because
you potentially get lost in all of these stats and get more and more confused.
And what I'm doing here is I'm showing you what you really really need to focus on.
I'm taking you straight to the most important info.
So by all means go ahead and indulge yourself but please don't confuse yourself and just go down some
rabbit hole.
It's very very difficult to come out of.
Just keep it simple.
Now on that note I want to go back to my key column here the results.
Now this is what it's all about because we are in business here.
And if people don't buy things from our site we don't have a business.
It's as pure and simple as that that many people seem to lose focus of that absolutely key metric.
Now the reason why we're seeing perches here is because I'm sure you remember when we set up the ad
we set it to record the purchase event as part of our pixel.
Had we set out to cart all some of those other events that I had shown you would see a different result
but I choose purchase because purchase at the end of the day is really all that matters.
So what you're going to see here is if as a result of asset one you have one sale you'll see a one in
here.
And if that's set to 100 cells you're going to see a 100 in here.
And this is the thing that you ultimately want to keep an eye on.
OK.
This is the key.
Now in the next couple of lectures Coming up we're going to give you some key knowledge so you can make
the right decision about what you're seeing inside of your manager.